What? Ask the young master, the young lady?
What does this mean? What does this mean?
What does this mean? This is Young Master Wan of the Wan family.
Can I make it clearer?
Third Master, are you mistaken?
How could she be the young master of the Wan family?
I saw it with my own eyes and you really doubted me.
Nothing good, that me
You are from the Wan family and you dare not save the Wan family?
If there are several levels of investigation, what is your assumption?
You are talking about Mr. Wan
Aren’t we going to talk about this too?
Really ignorant
No, it's okay
Be a blind clown
you look like me
Do you want to see it?
How could you possibly know him?
That's the young master
You just designed me
That's all I think
Maybe you can also be a young master